---
title: 'Frequent Asked Questions'
date: Mon, 15 Feb 2016 20:41:52 +0000
draft: true
---
#### Keratoconus guide frequent asked questions.

  **When will i receive the Keratoconus guide e-book?** As soon as you arrive at the payment confirmation page an email will be sent to you containing a link to your download. The link expires in 48 hours so you can download the guide in case something happened to your file. Just click the blue links to download to your downloads folder. **How much is the shipping cost?** Nothing, the guide is an _**electronic download**_ sent to the email that you provided to us, you need access to your email account, internet and a computer to access the guide. Always check your unwanted email box if you don't see our email. **How can i pay?** Due to country specific restrictions for now we accept payments through **PayPal**, you need to register your credit card with them to do this, it doesn't have a cost for you and it's free, safe and secure. Then pay your order with your email and PayPal password instead of using a credit card. **If you don't want to register with PayPal you can still pay with your credit or debit card from within the PayPal secure page by clicking the button "Pay with debit or credit card"**. In the future i will implement a more robust payment platform, "_sorry for the inconvenience_". If you want to pay by U.S. Bank check write to me at the email below. For info about PayPal go to [_PayPal_](http://www.paypal.com). **Where can i call if i have a problem?** Email me at **info@keratoconusguide.com** with your questions. **How do i open the archive?** You need to install the e-book on your kindle device, computer or android tablet to read it. Check the complete post called [_e-book formats and readers_](https://www.keratoconusguide.com/2016/02/ebooks-and-readers/) on the blog section.
